Docs: Update manual-writing section (#4795)
geodynamics/aspect: doc/sphinx/user/extending/write-a-cookbook/manual-section.md

reproduce any earth-like setting, see
{ref}`sec:cookbooks:simple-setups`), a *Geophysical setup* (that
teaches how to setup a specific type of geodynamic model like a global
convection model, a subduction zone or a mid-ocean ridge, see
{ref}`sec:cookbooks:geophysical-setups`) or a *Benchmark* (see
{ref}`cha:benchmarks`). Depending on that choice, you will add a new entry
to the toctree of the corresponding .md file in the
[doc/sphinx/user](https://github.com/geodynamics/aspect/tree/main/doc/sphinx/user)
directory: either
[cookbooks/simple-setups.md](https://github.com/geodynamics/aspect/blob/main/doc/sphinx/user/cookbooks/simple-setups.md),
[cookbooks/geophysical-setups.md](https://github.com/geodynamics/aspect/blob/main/doc/sphinx/user/cookbooks/geophysical-setups.md),
or [benchmarks/index.md](https://github.com/geodynamics/aspect/blob/main/doc/sphinx/user/benchmarks/index.md).
Your toctree entry should follow the structure
`cookbooks/YOUR-COOKBOOK-NAME/doc/YOUR-COOKBOOK-NAME.md` or
`benchmarks/YOUR-COOKBOOK-NAME/doc/YOUR-COOKBOOK-NAME.md` depending on which top-level
directory your cookbook is going in (see the other toctree entries for examples).

> Now that it has a place to live in the manual, you'll need to actually create

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that it has a place to live in the manual, you will need to actually create
```

    extend on these ideas by adding subsections that illustrate how these
    modifications influence the model results.

And that's it, you have just created your first cookbook! Make a
[pull request](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/github-flow)
to contribute it to the main repository! You can find more information on how to
do that on [our github page](https://github.com/geodynamics/aspect/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).
Once the pull request is submitted, you can preview what your page will look
like in rendered form by scrolling to the checks near the bottom of the open
pull request and clicking `Details` next to `docs/readthedocs.org:aspect-documentation`.
The documentation takes a few minutes to build; once done, you will be able to
browse a preview of what the manual will look like once your additions are
merged. Navigate to your newly-added page and use this opportunity to ensure
all equations, citations, figures, etc. are formatted correctly and appear as you would like.

You will get bonus points if you also create a test (see
{ref}`sec:extending:writing-tests`) that only runs the first time step (or a

> lower resolution version) of your cookbook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
lower resolution version) of your cookbook.

```
